Previously on Prison Break:
It was a meeting between
all six cardholders.
Now we know who has
the other five cards.
Your nose is bleeding.
I'm Cole Pfeiffer.
Welcome to Los Angeles.
His name is Theodore Bagwell.
He was with us in Panama
and now he's here
in Los Angeles.
And he has a book that used
to belong to Whistler
and Mahone thinks this book
has a plan for the break-in.
Cole Pfeiffer did not arrive
for our meeting.
You don't have Scylla?
It seems your friend
Whistler wasn't the only one
looking into Scylla.
-You know anything about that?
-No.
I'm looking for the man
who killed my son.
This man is a
professional assassin.
He's African American,
six-foot, four,
about 220 pounds.
We refined the image
as best we could,
but we're going to need
one of your specialists
to sharpen the video
so we can I.D. the
rest of them.
All right, I'll see
what I can do.
But I've seen what those tech
guys are capable of.
Sometimes, it's...
Wait a sec,
I know this guy.
This guy works
in my building.
-That's Griffin Oren.
-You know him?
I know of him.
He's the head
of Treasury's L.A. bureau.
Well, if he's in your building
you can get close to him.
-I would need a reason.
-Well, you make something up.
Something about al Qaeda using
stolen bearer bonds
to finance shady
operations, whatever.
Come on, making false claims
in matters affecting government?
That's up to five
years in prison.
Welcome to the
club, Agent Self.
Thanks for meeting me.
I would have come
out to see you,
but I can't travel
that far...
I'm sorry...
but you said that you had
some pictures to show me.
That's him.
I'll get in
touch with you
as soon as...
as soon as... I find out...
You didn't do this.
In your heart, you are a really
good man.
That's why
I married you.
That's why I started
a family with you.
When you used to bring
your files home
and I would beg you
to leave that stuff at work...
but when you have
a monster in your sights...
you can't focus
until you get him.
I used to hate
that about you.
Right now it's the only
thing that lets me sleep,
because I know...
you're going to get him.
♪ ♪
What the hell are you doing?!
What are you doing?
Hey there, Blauney.
Just, uh...
doing a little research.
GATE-related?
I'm adding a little
flourish to my pitch.
"Like the caged macaw
who cannot spread her wings."
You know, Cole...
I was thinking maybe you should
spend a little less time
practicing
and a little more time
actually pitching.
I mean, number one salesman
in the world?
We're all just waiting
with bated breath
to see what you can do
around here.
Ouch.
I know.
We saw him right here.
Hey.
You haven't seen
Sara, have you?
No.
You want to end up
back in Fox River,
you just go
right ahead.
Hey, what's going on?
-He wants to look for T-Bag.
-You're damn right I want to look for him.
We know he's got the bird book.
We know the bird book's got
the plan for the break-in.
And we saw that snake
right here today.
All I'm saying is,
it ain't safe
for a member of the Fox River
Eight to be out there looking
-for another member of the Fox River Eight.
-Yes, but...
Bellick, I want you
to go with Sucre,
canvass the area, see if you can
get a lead on him.
There are like six
big buildings over there.
He could be in
any one of them.
That's why it's
called canvassing.
You do realize this is the
Treasury Department, right?
You tell Self to go
down a few floors,
walk past the right computers
and we are billionaires.
Just the card, please.
Don Self, Homeland Security.
-I need to see Mr. Oren right away.
-He's not available.
Ma'am, I need to see him
right away, otherwise
hundreds of American lives
will be in jeopardy.
Don Self, Homeland Security.
Talk to Angela
down the hall.
Sir, I'm sorry
to barge in here,
but this is urgent.
I'm sure it is.
Talk to Angela down the hall.
Sir, we are hearing chatter
about some stolen bearer bonds,
and we have reason to believe
that al Qaeda operatives...
You have serial numbers?
No, I do not.
Mind turning around?
Not at all.
I leave for Asia in six hours.
He's got it.
Until then...
I've got meetings with
the bureau chiefs
of the FBI, the CIA
and Homeland Security.
It's gone.
If what you tell me
is actually important,
I'll hear about it
from your boss.
Until then...
talk to Angela
down the hall.
And if you set foot
in my office again
without my prior consent,
I will see to it that
you spend the rest
of your career running
border security in Alaska.
Did we get it?
What happened?
What do you mean
what happened?
We had it for two seconds
and then it disappeared.
It's in the safe.
He has this crazy
safe in his office.
That must have been
blocking the transmission.
I'll bet you that's where
he keeps the card.
So we need
to get into that safe.
Trust me, there's no way
to crack that thing.
Look, I'll have the enhanced
images of the other cardholders
in a couple of hours--
we'll go from there.
You can access the building's
blueprints, right?
I can't go back up there.
No one's asking you.
We'll take care of that.
Come on, you'll never
get past the front door, okay?
Even if they don't
recognize you,
you need a security card
that matches...
Just get the blueprints
and get back here, all right?
Yeah...
Sara, what happened?
I'm fine, but someone
was following me.
I lost him about a mile back.
I don't think there's any way
he could have followed me here.
-I made sure of that.
-What'd he look like?
Uh, tall, black. He had a beard.
Is this the guy?
Yeah.
Who's that?
That's the man
who killed my son.
Now he's come to kill us.
Where were you the first time
that you saw him?
The very first time?
Walking home.
He didn't just run into
you on the street?
Where were you before that?
The Towne Lounge.
Is that a bar?
Do you have a problem with that?
No, I just want to know
how long you were there.
Sara,
I need to find this guy and I
can't do it without your help.
I don't care why or what you
were doing in the bar.
I just really want to know
how long you were there.
Okay. A couple hours.
Thank you. So something
must have tipped him off.
You paid cash, right?
Of course.
But the credit card
that Bruce gave me is gone.
What credit card?
These are the security
checkpoints.
You can't get past one of those
unless you have one of these.
Any way
we can forge it?
Sure, if you have two weeks
and access
to the building's mainframe
maybe.
Well, doesn't look like there
are any security checkpoints
on the tenth floor.
No, just that
all the access points
to the tenth floor.
But if you could
somehow magically appear
and wind up in the middle
of the hallway, you'd be fine,
except for all the government
officials who'd be swarming
around and who would
arrest you in a heartbeat.
And if you can get us into
the parking structure,
will security
check our van?
Sure. Transporting known felons,
why not?
The parking structure.
This is our
point of entry.
We need the details
to the safe.
Okay, the, um, the safe
has an insignia on it.
It looks something
like this.
You're gonna need
some of this.
I got a positive ID
of Sara Tancredi in Los Angeles.
That means Michael Scofield
was here.
That means Lincoln
Burrows is here. Why?
Sara, huh?
She's a slippery little bitch,
isn't she?
Time is not on your side,
Gretchen.
Maybe you hadn't noticed,
but since you seem
to be somewhat immune
to physical coercion,
we've decided to move on.
The nose is
an evolutionary marvel.
Our brain has been constructed
so that certain aromas...
...coffee beans, blueberries
that are helpful to our body,
we perceive
as pleasant.
Whereas other smells
that signify death,
disease...
Initial symptoms include
nausea, dizziness,
burning eyes, all of which
you are experiencing right now.
Prolonged exposure will
lead to faintness,
rapid degradation
of your mental faculties.
Tell me.
I don't know anything.
You've got one more day.
Top of the line.
It's a biometric design,
and only Oren's fingerprint
will open it.
So we lift his prints off
something he touched.
The pad knows what
human skin feels like.
If we try to trick it,
we'll set off the alarm.
And then there's
the 12-digit key code.
What about the hinges?
Wired to the alarm.
We drill it.
Through the outer
layer of steel maybe,
but the bones of this thing
are three-quarters inch
cobalt alloy hard plate.
Drilling's not gonna work,
not in our time frame.
All right, so basically,
we have a way to get you
into the garage, which, in case
you guys forgot,
that puts me on the hook
for another four charges.
But no way to get you up
to the tenth floor.
But let's say you do get
up to the tenth floor.
Then we need to get you
into Oren's office for an hour
during the middle
of the day.
Then, we need to hope
that not one of Oren's
co-workers is gonna hear
the extremely loud drill
that you're gonna be using
to break into a safe
that I'm telling you
cannot be broken into.
Do you understand
there are Homeland agents
whose sole job is to design
safety measures
to make this structure
impregnable.
Yeah. They had those guys
at Fox River, too.
Whose office is this?
Sam Middleton,
Department of Justice.
This wall separates
Middleton from Oren.
I'm gonna need some supplies.
The credit card was used
at the bar at 10:32.
What time
did you see him?
About 11:00.
And how long were you
walking at that time?
Ten, 15 minutes.
Let's assume that he was at his
place when we received the call.
That's an 18-minute drive
from the Towne Lounge Bar
in San Pedro.
Averaging 30 miles an hour
the whole way,
that's a,
that's a nine-mile radius.
So he's gonna be somewhere
around the perimeter
of that circle.
He's got to be mobile
within a half mile
of a major freeway.
The 10, the 110,
the 405.
No permanent address,
so we're looking for hotels, right?
Yeah, but nowhere where you need
to valet your car.
It's got to be readily
accessible at all times.
And somewhere you don't need
to put a credit card down
for incidentals. You got that?
I'll see what I can do.
Hurry.
Trishanne, I'm gonna need a mug
of tea with lemon.
I'm sorry, Cole. I can't leave
the desk right now.
Good help is so hard to find.
May I help you?
We're with Upper Valley
Insurance.
And this man just came into
a $100,000 inheritance.
We can't track him down,
so we're offering
a ten percent finder's fee
to anyone who can point
us in his direction.
Oh, my gosh. What, $10,000?
Yeah.
Um...
Mm...
I'm sorry.
I don't recognize him.
Okay, so if you do see him, would you
please give us a call?
Thank you.
"GATE"?
"Greatness Achieved
Through Excellence."
Hmm.
A toy?
You want to try
to explain this?
Mix aluminum powder
with iron oxide.
Add a little heat.
Hey. Yeah, well, thanks
for calling me back, Sam.
Yeah. No, I just, I know you
have these trial dates coming up
and we just want to make sure
you have everything you need
to convict
these bastards.
Okay, that's terrific.
All right, I'll
see you then.
All right,
we're gonna have lunch.
I'll keep him out of his office
for as long as I can.
Good luck.
All right.
Hello.
Hey, any sign of him?
No, we checked about
ten buildings,
but nothing so far.
Well, scrap it; we're going
after the next card.
Meet me on the corner of
Santa Monica and Century West.
Hey, Charlie.
Yankees lost again
last night.
Yeah, well, at least
our fans show up
before the fifth
inning, right?
Have a good day,
all right, Charlie?
You, too, Mr. Self.
I'm letting you guys know
right now.
If you get busted,
don't mention my name.
We're ready.
Now.
One, two, three.
So...
a couple of scruffy guys
walk in,
tell me they're from
the insurance company
and they offer me $10,000
if I know where you are.
Something tells me
there's a better offer on the table.
Well, I'll be, Trishanne.
You just caught yourself
a leprechaun.
And as the legend goes,
you got yourself one wish,
anything in the world.
Oh, really?
And I am bound
to grant it.
Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
Well, your commencement check's
sitting on my desk
waiting to be signed.
That's a pretty nice
pot of gold.
Before you say another word...
Now, it's true
leprechauns cannot refuse
their captor's demands,
but if they deem her
to be greedy or covetous,
whatever she desires will
certainly be accompanied
with disastrous tidings.
Or so the legend goes.
Three percent of your commission
from here on out.
Done.
Don Self to see you.
You can go
right on in.
Thank you. Have a great day.
You, too.
Hey, hey.
Hey, Sam.
Great to
meet you.
Same here.
Oh, thanks again
for squeezing me in
on such short notice.
I figure we had so much
to get through, this'd
be the best way.
I-I thought we were
going out for lunch.
Is there a problem?
Well...
actually, um...
I'm a vegetarian.
It's a new diet,
b-b-but there's
a great place
down the street,
and it'll be my treat.
Elise.
Yes, sir?
I'm heading out for lunch.
Hold it there.
Sorry, I was
just coming in to...
There's no more TP
in the ladies room.
We'll get right on that.
How about you get it right now?
Uh...
Best we got in here.
You guys need to get
better organized.
53 hotels match
the search criteria.
You know I read,
I read this article
a little while ago, right?
About the whole, uh,
nature versus nurture thing,
and it turns out,
it's all kind of a mishmash
because DNA trumps everything.
And I believe it, because
I mean, I grew up
in the same house,
uh, went to the same school
as my brother,
who's a math professor,
My sister's a pediatrician.
And I'm a thief
who blows his money
on hookers
and coke.
So, like the same way Scofield's
hardwired to be a genius,
and you are always gonna
be a lawman, right?
I mean, whoever
this guy is,
-you think he wanted to grow up to be a murderer?
-Probably not.
Be very careful
choosing the next words
that come out of your mouth.
I... I'm just saying.
We are who we are.
Oh, man.
Jake. I'm gonna need you
in front of room 1018. Now.
What's going on?
I apologize, ma'am,
but we're gonna be in your way
for the next 90 minutes or so.
Black?
Yeah.
Excuse me, ma'am,
but where can I plug in?
For now, you can go in there,
but when my boss gets
back from lunch,
you're gonna...
The safe should be
somewhere behind this wall.
As soon as you're
through the steel,
I'll have the thermite ready.
What is it?
How long has it been happening?
It's not a big deal.
It was a big deal
when you were 13.
Promise me you won't tell Sara.
Sara's a doctor.
She can help.
Look, I acclimating to the
warmer climate, all right?
Come on.
We've got work to do.
Let's go.
I don't know what this company
is up to, but it sure
sounds like there's a whole
lot of money involved.
Yeah. I don't know.
Lisa Tabak just hopped a flight
to Laos, didn't she?
Yeah, I guess.
And now Griffin Oren just said
he was going somewhere in Asia.
Down to the cobalt.
Right.
What can I get you?
Just a moment of your time.
I'm a private
investigator,
and I'm working
with a woman
named Sara Tancredi,
and she was recently
a patron of yours.
I don't want
to get involved.
She moved all the way
across the country
to get away from this guy.
Help me find him before
he finds her.
Last time,
Sara had a broken jaw.
I was standing by the
front door when he left.
A second later
I saw him come past,
take something out of his car.
Do you remember what
the car looked like?
Gray. A sedan, sort of like one
of those rental cars, you know?
You need something?
Just a small...
kindness.
That's the easiest
$300 you'll ever make.
Hey, hey, hey.
We're working here.
So am I.
There's a stack
of letters
that I need to put in the mail.
The chemicals, they don't react
so good with leather.
What are you using, lye?
Wait, wait, wait.
Listen, we...
we know this is a hassle.
We know we're
disrupting your work
and giving you
a headache.
We annoy a different person
every day,
but if this gets dirty
while it's still wet,
it's gonna leave a stain,
and... and, uh,
and then we'll be
back here all over again.
Why don't you just
tell me where they are
and I'll get
them for you?
On the corner of his desk
near his computer.
How much longer?
Another couple of minutes,
and we'll be ready to copy.
Is Griffin in?
He's in a meeting
right now...
but I can pull him
out if you'd like.
If you could.
Just have a seat
in his office.
He'll be right
with you.
All we need is one more.
Someone's in there.
If I could hear him
sitting down, there's no way
he's not gonna hear the drill.
You can do it manually.
Won't generate enough heat
to activate the thermite.
Come on, man, we're like a 16th
of an inch away from this.
Can I help you?
I phoned earlier about
one of your guests.
Gray sedan, right?
Yeah, right.
Is that the guy?
Yeah, that's him.
What room?
He was in 130.
He checked out.
Did, um...
did he leave any clue
as to where he was going?
Do you mind if I look
at the room?
$19 an hour,
$59 for the night.
Fine, whatever, give me a key.
Yes.
You wanted to know if anyone
came looking for you.
Did they?
No. I was just calling
to let you know
my shift was ending
and nobody showed up.
All right.
Thank you.
What do you say you give me
that little piece of paper
in your hand?
How's that sound, huh?
Sorry for keeping you.
To what do I owe the pleasure?
Just making sure you're ready
for your trip.
Well, I better be.
I'm leaving in five minutes.
All right,
maybe if we dial it down
to the lowest setting,
that might work.
Sure?
We don't have a choice.
I'll tell you when.
The finance minister's
anxiously awaiting your arrival.
Well, if you recall,
I successfully negotiated
financial policies with the IMF
and World Bank.
Pretty sure I can handle Laos.
Now.
I'm well aware of your resume,
Griffin.
Got it.
We're in.
- Got it.
- The runaway inflation in Laos
has given way to food riots
in the capital city of
Vientiane,
where the death toll
has risen over 200.
The monetary policy
is a means to an end.
I'm aware of our final
objective, General.
This is an important day for us.
I need to make sure that
everyone knows his role.
You could've told me all of this
on the telephone.
Why did you take today of all
days to come down here
and berate me in person?
Things have happened
in the past few days
that have made me
somewhat uneasy.
Today we got confirmation
that one of our targets
is in Los Angeles.
That on top of the fact,
that one of Lisa's bodyguards
was killed.
I thought that was because
she was married to that Turk.
That's the
official story.
What is it then?
Come on, come on.
Do you have your card on you,
Griffin?
Of course.
I'd like to see it.
Where are we?
Talk to me Roland.
72%.
I put it in my safe
this morning.
I'd like to see it.
86.
87.
92.
15 years working together,
you think you'd trust me.
Don't turn this into an opera.
Just hand me the card.
Come on, come on.
Happy?
From now on, I'm asking
that everyone keep
their card on them
at all times.
Anyone makes a move,
anything goes missing,
you call me.
Did we get it?
100.
Yeah.
I don't know how you eat
that crap, Don.
-What was that called? Tempeh?
-Yeah.
It looked like you could
barely choke it down.
Yeah, well, it's an
acquired taste.
Excuse us.
All right, well,
it looks like I should be
getting back to work.
Oh.
This was a pleasure.
Apparently, billions in counterfeit currency
flooded the economy,
which is what
caused it all.
What I don't understand
is why?
I mean, so far all
the cardholders
have been experts in
their fields, right?
In energy
and logistics
and finance.
I mean, it looks like
they're just trying to
tear the country down.
So they can profit
by rebuilding it.
So the question is:
what's next?
I was at a bar earlier.
And nothing happened,
and I didn't drink.
But...
Look, if-if this is too much for you...
No. No.
Because, say the word, and we'll
scrap the whole thing.
That's a promise.
It's not going to happen again.
But it would be a lie
not to tell you, and I...
want you to know that
I'll never lie to you.
I'm sorry.
Somebody's here for you.
For me?
Cole Pfeiffer.
Is your name Xing?
Mr. Xing stayed behind
in New York.
Well, have a seat then, uh--
What can I help you with?
You were supposed to
deliver the item two days ago.
Where is it?
Where's what?
I've traveled a long
way, Mr. Pfeiffer.
My patience is
wearing thin.
Playing games is not going to
be good for either of us.
Scylla. Where is it?
Mr. Pfeiffer?
I'm at work.
It's not exactly like
I can talk freely, you know.
Just-just tell me the latest.
The latest?
If you deliver it
to me by the end
of the day,
I will pay you the sum
that we agreed upon.
As much as I'd like to tell you
that were possible...
Get it to me
by tomorrow
and you will receive
50% of your fee.
Two days, 25%.
Three days,
I shoot you through the brain.
That is the latest.
No problem.
I thought that urine might
be getting a little stale.
So I brought you
some more.
Hey, the image enhancement
from the video came back.
Did you get what I sent over?
Yeah we got
all three cardholders.
Yeah, well, for the first two,
we have names, addresses--
everything we need to grab them.
Sara.
But for the General...
we got nothing.
This guy's a ghost.
You all right?
Look, most of what happened to
me in Panama is a total blank.
But, um,
when I was being held,
I could hear
Gretchen talking on the phone,
in the next room.
And she was
taking orders
from the guy in charge.
And she called him the General.
In charge of the mission?
No, I think in charge
of the Company.
I told you...
we should have
killed Gretchen
when we had the chance.
She'll come home.
She always has.
You better be sure about that.
Excuse me, sir?
What?
Someone at Homeland
Security
did an enhanced image
search on you today.
We couldn't tell
where the original picture...
Who?
The guy who ordered it...
his name is Don Self.
Captioned by Point.360